in the evening the Georgian team spent
second game of the day to march with the Georgian
team itself 3d rage game fib put
conditional second composition experimentally
out the defense lines
which consisted of three players from
youth composition
coupe sat on the banks of the first half for
except for the last five minutes, nothing
interesting pressure did not happen
and here is his ending Senegalese both dng
being on viewer had three at once
moment for scoring in the first case
ford ran away from the pursuer
but got close to the goalkeeper and lost a share
seconds for an accurate strike another time
bingo and hit in the head hit the post
and at the last minute half, but created
the moment itself was hurt
goalkeeper kicked back
the beginning of the second half Senegalese place on
the field gave way to the game Lebedenko who and
scored even istanbul retail
it happened at the last minute of the match
And long before that, they walked on 50 of you.
a minute
himself 3 breathe opened followed by transfer
from the flank to the 11-meter area
for player Georgian teams bulldog
better position and hit the gate telly
end of the match the opponent's penalty not osalil
times the drums went through their sleeve with in 3d
which you kick off your gate and
yet opened the opponent's gate
it turned out the caliph who ruled strongly and
just rubbed it just did not keep them from
swans to finish off his gate